README.md, before:

# adcloud
Contains projects to get up and running using Spring Cloud

This is still a work in progress but the projects should help you get an understanding of how the various components fit together. The projects should be started in the following order:

## Monitor
Provides the Eureka Discovery service and the Hystrix Dashboard

## Config
Provides a centralized configuration for all of the components using the Spring Cloud Config Server.

## services/Template Service
This is just a sample microservice to show how it interacts with the gateway

## services/ACL Service
This provides the access control list to the RBAC filter in the gateway. This service is required when security is enabled and the authorization method is set to filter.

## Gateway
Uses Zuul to proxy requests through and also to provide access. The plumbing is being put in place for security and RBAC and should be coming shortly.

### Build Order
There was a conscious decision to not use maven parent projects as it hides an understanding of just how all of these projects fit together. As such, the build must be done in the correct order which is:

1) rbac-autoconfigure
2) rbac-starter
3) gateway

## Mock IDM
When using the security features in the gateway, this mock identity management server can be used to generate JWTs. This is just a placeholder for demonstrations.

## adcloud_Docker
General project that provides information on getting up and running using docker. This includes several docker-compose yml files that will setup the entire cloud. It's a great way to see just how everything fits together.

Commit message:

0.2 preview (#1)
* Fixing some formatting

* Delete .project

* Fixing PUT url

- The id path variable was not being used so it was removed
- Fixed all of the JMX tests
- Updated the controllers
- Updated the ACL for updates to not look for the {id}

* Added a dev docker file and restored the original base file

The dev file can be used to start up the base services and be able to
referene them from your dev environment through localhost.

* Restructuring of the code - phase 1

- Moving common code into the services/adservice
- Changed the autoconfigure to be for all adservices instead of just for
rbac.
- Didn't want to get too granular as I'm not a fan of having a million
projects.
- Some testing was done but there will be some instability here until
the restructuring is complete.

* Update README.md

* Updated Template Service to use new starter project.

* General cleanup and updating versions

- Updated pom.xml files to refer to 0.2-preview
- Updated docker files to point to 0.2-preview
- Cleaned up some classes with TODOs and extra annotations.

* Updated post build script for new version

* Update README.md

* Adding license to repository

* Adding TODOs

README.md, after:

# adcloud
Contains projects to get up and running using Spring Cloud

## 0.2-preview Release Notes
* Restructured some of the projects to reduce code duplication
* adservice starter project contains dependencies and configurations for all microservices.
* adservice has added a adservice. prefix to all of its properties
* This release does not contina much in the way of additional functionality. That should change with 0.3-preview

## Monitor
Provides the Eureka Discovery service and the Hystrix Dashboard

## Config
Provides a centralized configuration for all of the components using the Spring Cloud Config Server.

## Services/ADService
Is a multi-module project that contains:
* adservice-core - used for common code used in all microservices such as abstractcontroller, abstractdao, etc.
* adservice-springboot-autoconfigure - used to configure discovery and security.
* adservice-springboot-starter - used to tie all of the dependencies together.

## Services/Template Service
This is just a sample microservice to show how it interacts with the gateway.

## Services/ACL Service
This provides the access control list to the RBAC filter in the gateway. This service is required when security is enabled and the authorization method is set to filter.

## Gateway
Uses Zuul to proxy requests through and also to provide access. The plumbing is being put in place for security and RBAC and should be coming shortly.

## Mock IDM
When using the security features in the gateway, this mock identity management server can be used to generate JWTs. This is just a placeholder for demonstrations.

## adcloud_Docker
General project that provides information on getting up and running using docker. This includes several docker-compose yml files that will setup the entire cloud. It's a great way to see just how everything fits together.
